Doc and tutorial update. (#60)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/MultiPrecisionR2: docs/src/FPMPNLPModel.md

> # **FPMPNLPModel**: Multi-Precision Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# FPMPNLPModel: Multi-Precision Models
```

> `FPMPNLPModel` (Floating Point Multi Precision Non Linear Model) is a structure meant to "augment" the `NLPModel` ([NLPModels.jl](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/NLPModels.jl)) structure and interfaces to deal with multiple floating point formats and handle evaluation errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`FPMPNLPModel` (Floating Point Multi Precision Non Linear Model) is a subtype of `AbstractNLPModel` and implements the `NLPModel API` defined in [NLPModels.jl](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/NLPModels.jl) to deal with multiple floating point formats and handle evaluation errors.
```

 By default, `γfunc(n,u) = n*u` is used.
This function is used to take finite-precision norm computation error into account, to further guarantee gradient error bounds (details below).

# Constructors

1. `FPMPNLPModel(Model::AbstractNLPModel{D,S},FPList::Vector{K}; kwargs...) where {D,S,K<:DataType}`

2. `FPMPNLPModel(f,x0, FPList::Vector{DataType}; kwargs...)`
Build a `ADNLPModel` from `f` and `x0` and call constructor 1.

## Keyword arguments
  + `HPFormat=Float64` : high precision format (must be at least as accurate as `FPList[end]`), corrensponds to `H` parameter after instanciation
  + `γfunc=nothing` : use default callback if not provided (see Fields section above)
  + `ωfRelErr=HPFormat.(sqrt.(eps.(FPList)))`: use relative error model by default for objective evaluation
  + `ωgRelErr=HPFormat.(sqrt.(eps.(FPList)))`: use relative error model by default for gradient evaluation
  + `obj_int_eval = false` : if true, use interval arithmetic for objective value and error evaluation
  + `grad_int_eval = false` : if true, use interval arithmetic for gradient value and error evaluation

> ## Checks upon instanciation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Checks upon instantiation
```

> Some checks are performed upon instanciation. These checks include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some checks are performed upon instanctiation. These checks include:
```

> + Length consistency of vector fields:  `FPList`, `EpsList`, `UList`
> + `HPFormat` is at least as accurate as the highest precision floating point format in `FPList`. Ideally HPFormat is more accurate to ensure the numerical stability.
> + Interval evaluations: it might happen that interval evaluation of objective function and/or gradient is type-unstable or returns an error. The constructor returns an error in this case. This type of error is most likely due to [IntervalArithmetic.jl](https://github.com/JuliaIntervals/IntervalArithmetic.jl/blob/master/README.md) package.
> + `FPList` is ordered by increasing floating point format accuracy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Length consistency of vector fields:  `FPList`, `EpsList`, `UList`;
+ `HPFormat` is at least as accurate as the highest precision floating point format in `FPList`. Ideally HPFormat is more accurate to ensure the numerical stability;
+ Interval evaluations: it might happen that interval evaluation of objective function and/or gradient is type-unstable or returns an error. The constructor returns an error in this case. This type of error is most likely due to [IntervalArithmetic.jl](https://github.com/JuliaIntervals/IntervalArithmetic.jl/blob/master/README.md) package;
+ `FPList` is ordered by increasing floating point format accuracy.
```

This checks can return `@warn` or `error`.

# Evaluation Errors

`FPMPNLPModel` provides interfaces to evaluate the objective function and gradient and evaluation errors due to finite-precision computations.
The evaluation errors on the objective function and the gradient, $\omega_f$ and $\omega_g$, are such that
* Objective function : $|f(x) - fl(f(x))|\leq \omega_f$
* Gradient : $||\nabla f(x) - fl(\nabla f(x))||_2 \leq \omega_g ||fl(\nabla f(x))||_2$
where $fl()$ denotes the finite-precision computation with one of the FP formats in `FPList`.

`FPNLPModel` enables to determine evaluation errors $\omega_f$ and $\omega_g$ either:
* based on relative error model with `ωfRelErr` and `ωgRelErr`,
* in a guaranteed way based on interval evaluation with `IntervalArithmetic.jl` package.

> By default, relative error model is used. Interval evaluation can be selected upon instanciation of `FPMPNLPModel` with `obj_int_eval` and `grad_int_eval` kwargs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the relative error model is used. Interval evaluation can be selected upon instantiation of `FPMPNLPModel` with `obj_int_eval` and `grad_int_eval` kwargs.
```
